applications: nrf5340_audio: Updated to controller 3322 (#10221)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/known_issues.rst

  The audio stream is intermittent on the headset side after connecting the gateway to a Mac computer and starting audio stream.
  This issue occurs sporadically after building the nRF5340 Audio application with the default USB port as the audio source.

> Controller - LE Audio subsystem for nRF5340:
> 
> OCX-138: Some conformance tests not passing.
> 
> OCX-155: Timestamps.
>    The timestamps (SDU ref) may occasionally be larger than intended and then duplicated in the next packet.
> 
> OCX-156: PTO is not supported.
> 
> OCX-157: Interleaved broadcasts
>    Does function for RTN > 2 and octets per frame > 80.
> 
> OCX-168: Re-establishing streams
>    Reconnection of broadcast receivers takes longer than in version 3310, especially for high RTN (retransmit) values.
> 
> If the first CIS headset in a CIG is reset, this may impact the stream of the second headset as well.
> 
> If BIS and ACLs are used on the same broadcaster/central, the ACLs needs to be created first.
> 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Controller subsystem for nRF5340 Audio
--------------------------------------

The following known issues apply to the LE Audio subsystem for nRF5340 used in the nRF5340 Audio application.

.. rst-class:: v2-2-0

OCX-138: Some conformance tests not passing

.. rst-class:: v2-2-0

OCX-155: Larger timestamps than intended
   The timestamps (SDU ref) may occasionally be larger than intended and then duplicated in the next packet.

.. rst-class:: v2-2-0

OCX-156: PTO is not supported

.. rst-class:: v2-2-0

OCX-157: Interleaved broadcasts
   Does function for RTN > 2 and octets per frame > 80.

.. rst-class:: v2-2-0

OCX-168: Re-establishing streams
   Reconnection of broadcast receivers takes longer than in version 3310, especially for high RTN (retransmit) values.

If the first CIS headset in a CIG is reset, this may impact the stream of the second headset as well.

If BIS and ACLs are used on the same broadcaster/central, the ACLs needs to be created first.

```
Issues that go against the HOWTO guidelines in lines 56-71 of this file:

- OCX-138 needs fleshed out description, also to clarify the very generic "some" in the title.
- OCX-155 has unclear reference "(SDU ref)" -- please make it more readable.
- OCX-156 needs fleshed out description, also to clarify the PTO acronym in the title.
- OCX-157 needs clearer title and description.
- OCX-168 needs clearer title and description.
- The last two lines are not clear -- are these issues or continuation of OCX-168? If new issues, they need a JIRA and title + description.

Does any of the entries have a workaround?

  The audio stream is intermittent on the headset side after connecting the gateway to a Mac computer and starting audio stream.
  This issue occurs sporadically after building the nRF5340 Audio application with the default USB port as the audio source.

Controller subsystem for nRF5340 Audio
--------------------------------------

The following known issues apply to the LE Audio subsystem (NET core controller) for nRF5340 used in the nRF5340 Audio application.

.. rst-class:: v2-2-0

> OCX-138: Conformance tests
>    Not all Bluetooth conformance tests cases pass.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
OCX-138: Some conformance tests failing
   Not all Bluetooth conformance tests cases pass.
```

.. rst-class:: v2-2-0

OCX-152: OCX-146: 40 ms ACL interval may cause TWS unstable
  There may be combinations of ACL intervals and other controller settings which cause instabilities to connected/true wireless stereo setups.

  **Workaround:** Use an alternative connection interval.

.. rst-class:: v2-2-0

> OCX-155: Larger timestamps than intended
>    The timestamps/SDU (Service Data Unit) references, may occasionally be larger than intended and then duplicated in the next packet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
OCX-155: Larger timestamps than intended
   The timestamps and Service Data Unit references (SDU refs) may occasionally be larger than intended, and then duplicated in the next packet.
```

Author: This has to stay the way it was. Timestamps and SDU references are the same thing.

Author: See my new proposal. To be pushed soon.

.. rst-class:: v2-2-0

OCX-156: PTO is not supported
   The controller does not support Pre-Transmission Offset.

.. rst-class:: v2-2-0

> OCX-157: OCT-140: Interleaved broadcasts, unable to stream with under certain QoS (Quality of Service) confgurations
> 
>    **Workaround:** Set retransmits (RTN) to <= 2 and octets per frame <= 80 for stereo

Reviewer: ```suggestion
OCX-157: OCT-140: Interleaved broadcasts streaming issues
 Interleaved broadcasts are unable to stream with certain Quality of Service configurations.

   **Workaround:** Set retransmits (RTN) to ``<= 2`` and octets per frame to ``<= 80`` for stereo.
```

.. rst-class:: v2-2-0

> OCX-162: If the first CIS headset in a CIG is reset, this may impact the stream of the second headset as well
>    If the first CIS (Connected Isochronous Stream) in a CIG (Connected Isochronous Group) is reset, this may halt streaming to other CISes as well.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
OCX-162: CIS headset reset in a CIG may impact the stream of the second headset as well
   If the first CIS (Connected Isochronous Stream) in a CIG (Connected Isochronous Group) is reset, this may halt streaming to other CISes as well.
```

Author: That it is the first is important, so this information must be retained.

.. rst-class:: v2-2-0

> OCX-165: BIS and ACL on the same broadcaster/central
>    BIS (Broadcast Isochronous Stream) and ACL (Asynchronous Connection-oriented Logical transports) may collide in the scheduler.
> 
>    **Workaround:** Create the ACLs before creating any BIS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
OCX-165: Collision of BIS and ACL on the same broadcaster or central
   Broadcast Isochronous Stream (BIS) and Asynchronous Connection-oriented Logical transports (ACL) may collide in the scheduler.

   **Workaround:** Create the ACLs before creating any BIS.
```

Author: This needs to be broadcaster/central as they are the same device in this configuration.

Author: See my revised suggestion.

.. rst-class:: v2-2-0

> OCX-168: Re-establishing streams
>    Syncing of broadcast receivers takes longer than in version 3310, especially for high RTN (retransmit) values.
> 
>    **Workaround:** Set retransmits (RTN) to a lower value to reduce re-sync time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
OCX-168: Issues with reestablishing streams
   Syncing of broadcast receivers takes longer than in version 3310, especially for high retransmit (RTN) values.

   **Workaround:** Set retransmits (RTN) to a lower value to reduce the resynchronization time.
```
